A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
Ideas are like children; there are none so wonderful as your own.
It takes more than good memory to have good memories.
The joyfulness of a man prolongeth his days.
Make two grins grow where there was only a grouch before.
As the purse is emptied the heart is filled.
Be mischievous and you will not be lonesome.
Don't ask, don't say. Everything lies in silence.
Good luck is the result of good planning.
A problem clearly stated is a problem half solved.
A member of your family will soon do something that will make you proud.
A quiet evening with friends is the best tonic for a long day.
A single kind word will keep one warm for years.
Anger begins with folly, and ends with regret.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
Smiling often can make you look and feel younger.
Let there be magic in your smile and firmness in your handshake.
If you want the rainbow, you must to put up with the rain.
Nature, time and patience are the three best physicians.
Strong and bitter words indicate a weak cause.
The beginning of wisdom is to desire it.
Your heart is a place to draw true happiness.
No one ever finds life worth living - one has to make it worth living.
There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Today is life--the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today. Get interested in something. Shake yourself awake. Develop a hobby. Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you. Live today with gusto.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.
Laughter is poison to fear.
It's a fact—everyone is ignorant in some way or another.
Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
Only a mind free of impediment is capable of grasping the chaotic beauty of the world. This is our greatest asset.
Some fortune cookies contain no fortune.
If you cannot excel with talent, triumph with effort.
Shoot first, and call whatever you hit the target, and you will never miss.
A part of us remains wherever we have been.
Stop procrastinating and start tomorrow.