There is a true and sincere friendship between you and your friends.
You find beauty in ordinary things, do not lose this ability.
A thrilling time is in your immediate future.
Your blessing is no more than being safe and sound for the whole lifetime.
Plan for many pleasures ahead.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Something you lost will soon turn up.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely wherever you go!
A pleasant surprise is in store for you.
May life throw you a pleasant curve.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
Your flair for the creative takes an important place in your life.
Your artistic talents win the approval and applause of others.
Pray for what you want, but work for the things you need.
Your many hidden talents will become obvious to those around you.
Your greatest fortune is the large number of friends you have.
A firm friendship will prove the foundation on your success in life.
Look for new outlets for your own creative abilities.
Be prepared to accept a wondrous opportunity in the days ahead!
Fame, riches and romance are yours for the asking.
Good things are being said about you.
Someone is speaking well of you.
The time is right to make new friends.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
Your life will be happy and peaceful.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Happy news is on its way to you.
If your desires are not extravagant they will be granted.
You will have a very pleasant experience.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will live a long, happy life.
You will spend old age in comfort and material wealth.
You will step on the soil of many countries.
You will take a chance in something in the near future.
You will witness a special ceremony.
Your everlasting patience will be rewarded sooner or later.
Your great attention to detail is both a blessing and a curse.
Your ability to juggle many tasks will take you far.
You will be invited to an exciting event.